what's up guys welcome back for another
week of deck profiles today is Monday
and it's going to be Julius Caesar day I
decided to do Julius Caesar first today
because it was the last day of summer
yesterday so I figured you know we'll
end with the start of fall tomorrow but
it'll be a nice little water deck today
that probably makes no sense but you
know I have a really weird thought
process so we're just going to go with
it and yeah so let's hop straight
through deck profile so I'd like to
think that i'm playing a kind of control
draw powdery kind of deck with this i
decided to run a little red the pure
stone because i needed a source for all
the colors i had without having to
invest more than for us since you can't
mooch yard this is mainly just from the
side but i figured it though it won't
hurt because i was going to use a model
glue anyway for like vapors and for
magic stone of dark Dev so I wanted to
use a little bit more in the van Gogh
card so I kind of went for like a really
weird wind condition here I have for
Cheshire cats which of course is in from
finge off but it's a great draw power
card and then I'm being off corner I
really like is Hans oh I decided to run
for because not only is it flying which
kind of goes with the whole Julius theme
but it also lets you draw cord when it
enters and then the main kind of wing
condition of going with this deck I have
like a backup wing condition because
this isn't too strong but I thought I
was just a casual place it would be fun
is three so geez this is kind of like
Slifer the sky dragon from Yugi oh if
you guys don't know what that is it's
like one of the strongest cards
originally in season one where it gets a
thousand attack for every card in your
hand and this put gets 100 attack in 100
defense for every part in your hand and
you can pay a water to give it flying
and so um the whole idea of the deck is
to constantly have seven cards in your
head so this is always at 700 attack so
it's essentially a 700 with flying for
the cost of two so that's like Alice
that's but without having to have a
three cost and then 3lauras so Laura
doesn't draw but because it replaces
itself when it's summoned either with
carmela or another Laura you still
retain the same amount of cards in your
hand so you're constantly always trying
to have seven or six is ok too but I was
trying to go for seven the whole time
and then three Alice this is kind
where the other controlling part comes
in because I can make everything on
targetable and I can also manage
something that I need to get out of the
game like I minus off lease or something
because there is no actual like five or
dark hurt too much removal I decided I
would use Alice to remove alongside
carmella and then to moon shards Mozart
lets you draw when you have two counters
and it can rest stuff which lets you go
for attacks even though it's not too
crucial because you do have access to
flying of Julius but I mainly wanted to
use it for the draw the tap is just you
know for extra push in damage if I don't
have all the pliers like if I have
laura's and stuff and then I want to
invest in giving them flying through
only Julius and then to Carmela for
removal like I said I don't have a lot
of it so I wanted to have this in Alice
and then to Menace off lease which is
the other one condition outside of so G
this is a 1,500 fliers so they have if
they waste all the resources getting rid
of all your tiny fires in the beginning
you would just win the game of mind stop
please so for the spills I decided to
run for justice Godsword like I said
because I don't have access to read I
can't use any thunder so I wanted
something that's close to thunder and
still get some removal out of the way
for dreams of Wonderland this guy is
actually really great in this deck
because I don't mind either of the
effects if I bounced a thread that's
just as good as drawing a card because
drawing a card replaces itself and i
always get to keep six or seven cards in
my hand toward remove Juliet um I use
this mo mainly just for protection but
you can also use it on Hanzo because
it's a new enter effect that applies
with game of Juliet where if it does
bounce back into the fuel that counts as
an enter and then you get the draw again
so you can technically if they try to
Thunder Hanzo you can dream Juliet it it
avoids the Thunder and you get to draw a
card which is great to Apollo break the
moon blast this is just a top like your
opponent's cards it goes kind of more
with the control aspect I want to be
able to draw all my cards and take away
as many of their answers as i can to
glimpse of the Kaguya this is really
good against regalia's right now if they
try to manage to survive I mean to get
imperishable with one of their J rulers
you can technically glimpse of cahuilla
the activate to sac it because glimpse
at kuya targets technically to activate
in the chase it doesn't target
actual card so even if the sword is off
the field if the effect is an activate
you can still cancel it and then you
draw a card to shooting star to redirect
stuff like burn spells on there's
purifying flames and thunders and goes
flame and stuff like that so you can
always redirect those and just one
heavenly feathered row because nights
are really big right now and taking
someone's going to lower all their
monsters attack and defense or taking
someone's Lancelot is actually really
good for the side deck I decided to use
form our chairs march air is kind of
like a replacement tooth under as well
as just a thought sword I know that's
kind of hard to understand but in this
sec you wouldn't use March Hare
aggressively you would use it
defensively if you're going as an aggro
deck you could drop march air let's see
if you hit a dark depths red one and you
don't have access to light for justice
Godsword and now this is something to
either have to waste removal spell on or
attack and crash into so you get rid of
their card three lunia like I said
because I have the mood arts I just
cited this if you go against module you
don't need to move short if you want to
try to use them alongside the moon's
yard may be used just to for the mid
game or something you can do that as
well same with suicide know this works
of course against Muhammad but you can
also decide into am if you feel
comfortable enough that you can install
the game to get to your moon shirt to
realm of pure spirits because this is
really good if they have a lot of
removal you can stop them from removing
your shoji and if you just always have
700 attack and you can wait till you can
give it flying to risk attacking and
having it rested because the damage
might be worth being rested and then too
dark polls just four nights or anything
like light rush this really kills
anything that's to or lower so you can
join into it really quickly and I didn't
find need more than two but with all the
draw power like I said you have a lot of
your size deck options anyway so I don't
mind using two of us or one I was or
anything like that so that was my Julius
Caesar deck profile I hope you guys
enjoyed it because it was really
challenging to make and I really like
the end result if you guys have any
other questions or suggestions please
feel free to leave a comment in the
comment section below and if you haven't
the subscribe button yet make sure you
do so all my other deck profiles come
straight to you I have four more coming
out this week and I will catch you guys
next time